Using this Library
------------------

To use this library you need to include the cgi.h include file with
the following expression into your C programs:

   #include <cgi.h>

Additionally you'll have to add the library libcgi.a to the linker,
either by modifying LDFLAGS in your Makefile or by adding `-lcgi' to
the appropriate commandline.


Test Suite
----------

This library comes with a test suite both to demonstrate its features
and to help you understand how it works.  The respective program is
called cgitest.c.  You can use it as reference implementation for this
CGI library.  It can also be used to debug the library by increasing
its debug level.  Therefore it should be included as source in your
distribution.

If you want to test your forms you can use the following action.

   <form action="/cgi-bin/cgitest/listall" method="post">

The /listall target will display all environment variables, all CGI
variables, all HTTP Cookies and refer to all files that were
transmitted.  This way you can test your own implementations quite
easy.


Further Documentation
---------------------

This section will refer to a number of URLs that document how this
library and used protocols work

  The CGI Library

    http://www.infodrom.org/projects/cgilib/

  HTTP Return Codes

    http://www.w3.org/Protocols/HTTP/HTRESP.html

  HTTP Headers

    http://www.w3.org/Protocols/HTTP/Object_Headers.html


Development
-----------

Development of this library takes place in a public CVS repository.
This offers a way to do versioning and provide a history for all files
and changes.  At any time it is possible to restore an older version,
partially or in total.  Additionally, lean patches can be applied and
reverted.

Log in:

cvs -d :pserver:anonymous@cvs.infodrom.org:/var/cvs/infodrom login

[Hit return]

Check out CVS HEAD:

cvs -d :pserver:anonymous@cvs.infodrom.org:/var/cvs/infodrom co cgilib


Mailing Lists
-------------

A mailing list dedicated to discussions about this library has been
created.  It is meant as a forum for users and developers of the
lightweight CGI library and applications that make use of it.

The lists address is <infodrom-cgilib@lists.infodrom.org>. 

To subscribe to this list,

 . send a mail to infodrom-cgilib-request@@lists.infodrom.org with the
   word "subscribe" as subject, or

 . send a mail to majordomo@@lists.infodrom.org with the body of
   "subscribe infodrom-cgilib".

The list is publicly archived at
<http://lists.infodrom.org/infodrom-cgilib/>.

A second mailing list exists as infodrom-cgilib-cvs on the same host.
Only CVS messages and differences are distributed there.  Whenever new
code is added to the CGI library, »cvs« generates a mail from these
changes which will be sent to this particular list.  Discussions
continue to take place on the first list.


Feedback
--------

If you have additions, questions or improvements please don't hesitate
to contact either the mailing list or me personally.

Infodrom Oldenburg
Martin Schulze
joey@infodrom.org
